Treatment plant component removal efficiency (#214)
project-pareto/project-pareto: docs/model_library/strategic_water_management/index.rst

        + \sum_{k \in K | (s, k) \in SKT}\textcolor{purple}{F_{s,k,t}^{Trucked}}
        + \textcolor{purple}{F_{s,t}^{StorageEvaporationStream}})

**Treatment Site Water Quality** :math:`\forall \textcolor{blue}{r \in R}, \textcolor{blue}{qc \in QC}, \textcolor{blue}{t \in T}`

> The water quality at treatment sites is dependent on the flow rates into the treatment site and the water quality of the flows. Even mixing is assumed, so all outgoing flows have the same water quality. The treatment process does not affect water quality.

Reviewer: This part of the documentation should be updated - the model has changed, and the treatment process now does affect water quality.

Reviewer 2: Updated!

        + \sum_{k \in K | (s, k) \in SKT}\textcolor{purple}{F_{s,k,t}^{Trucked}}
        + \textcolor{purple}{F_{s,t}^{StorageEvaporationStream}})

**Treatment Feed Water Quality** :math:`\forall \textcolor{blue}{r \in R}, \textcolor{blue}{qc \in QC}, \textcolor{blue}{t \in T}`

> The water quality at treatment sites is dependent on the rate and quality of the feed stream(s) into the treatment site. Even mixing is assumed in calculating the quality of the combined feed stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The water quality at treatment sites is dependent on the flow rates and qualities of the feed streams into the treatment site. Even mixing is assumed in calculating the quality of the combined feed stream.
```
Sorry to do this again - I should have been more careful the first time I rewrote this sentence.

> The water quality at treatment sites is dependent on the flow rates into the treatment site and the water quality of the flows. Even mixing is assumed, so all outgoing flows have the same water quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The water quality at treatment sites is dependent on the rate and quality of the feed stream(s) into the treatment site. Even mixing is assumed in calculating the quality of the combined feed stream.
```

.. math::

    \sum_{n \in N | (n, p) \in NCA}\textcolor{purple}{F_{n,p,t}^{Piped}} \cdot \textcolor{red}{Q_{n,qc,t}}
        + \sum_{\tilde{p} \in P | (\tilde{p}, p) \in PCA}\textcolor{purple}{F_{\tilde{p},p,t}^{Piped}} \cdot \textcolor{green}{\nu_{\tilde{p},qc,[t]}}
        + \sum_{s \in S | (s, p) \in SCA}\textcolor{purple}{F_{s,p,t}^{Piped}} \cdot \textcolor{red}{Q_{s,qc,t}}

        + \sum_{\tilde{p} \in P | (\tilde{p}, p) \in CCA}\textcolor{purple}{F_{\tilde{p},p,t}^{Piped}} \cdot \textcolor{green}{\nu_{\tilde{p},qc,[t]}}

>         + \sum_{r \in R | (r, p) \in RCA}\textcolor{purple}{F_{r,p,t}^{Piped}} \cdot \textcolor{red}{Q_{r^{TreatedWaterNodes},qc,t}}

Reviewer: Why does this line have `Q_{r^{TreatedWaterNodes},qc,t}` instead of just `Q_{r,qc,t}`?

Reviewer 2: At most nodes, there is a single water quality associated with the output water at that node. However, at treatment sites there is the quality associated with the mixed inlet (R),  treated water ( R-PostTreatmentTreatedWaterNode) and quality associated with the residual ( R-PostTreatmentResidualWaterNode). They are technically from the same node R, but to differentiate the qualities we append the tags. We have previously used the same logic for completions pad + completions pad storage sites. 
See lines here for their definitions: https://github.com/project-pareto/project-pareto/blob/84050a74dcdbd638b1b655056ad937fc94bf6b78/pareto/strategic_water_management/strategic_produced_water_optimization.py#L5265
